So, the magic here,
we have a bottom browser scrollbar here.
And notice that, yeah, we can scroll
all the way over here on the page,
that's kind of ugly.
The magic to make this work is,
overflow: auto.
And that will put a scrollbar on
the wrapper as opposed to a scrollbar on
the browser window, make sense?
So there's our scrollbar on the wrapper.
And now we can get back and
forth to each of our items, okay?
And then the last thing I added
here was it gap of 2 rem,
give us a little breathing
room between the cards.
>> Is gap a grid method?
>> It is also a flexbox method, yep.
Gap can be used on both flexbox and grid.
>> Understood, last time it was
column gap, this time it's gap, and
maybe it would also apply
if we had rows here?
>> And there's a row gap, yep.
So gap would be columns and rows,
in which case, we only have one row, so
it doesn't matter.
Or you can call column gap which,
of course, is just the columns or row gap.
And I think gap has two numbers for that
same reason or can have two numbers, okay?
>> And there's overflow also,
a grid, or is that flexbox as well?
>> No, that is just a property,
it's been around forever.
So there's a couple of values for
this overflow, one is scroll.
And notice that also gives you
a horizontal or a vertical scrollbar.
Cuz it will turn on
scrollbars all the time.
So auto is what you prefer [LAUGH],
because then, it will only
put on the scrollbar that you need,
>> And
then you have some styling for
that scrollbar too?
>> Yeah, then we have styling for
the scrollbar too, okay?
So we've got our styling there,
blah, blah, blah, blah blah.
Okay, so then I gave you
a link to this article here,
which talks about custom
scrollbars in CSS.
And it will talk you through all the ways
that you can make custom scrollbars.
I'm not gonna go through it all,
I am just going to steal shamelessly.
So, there is a difference for
this between WebKit browsers and Firefox.
So, let's put in WebKit.
We'll start with that.
We have a 4R wrapper, let's see,
-webkit- scrollbar.
And you can set a width of 10 px.
>> Can you quickly touch
upon what WebKit is?
>> WebKit is the engine behind browsers
like Chrome and Safari, notably.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> So if you provide WebKit,
it will be applicable
to both the browsers?
>> Both of those browsers.
>> Not to Firefox.
>> But not to Firefox, correct, yep.
Did I get that right?
Wrapper:: -webkit
-scrollbar.
I think I did,
it looks like it disappeared, have faith.
Wrapper ::-webkit -scrollbar -track.
Background-color: var (--tan);, okay?
So we've set the width to 10 px,
we couldn't see it there for
a moment because it was the same
color as the background.
Now we have our track,
which is sort of that,
what was white before,
now we have it as tan.
And then we can add .wrapper::
-webkit -scrollbar -thumb.
And this, of course,
is the little doohickey [LAUGH]
that you move back and forth.
And box-shadow: inset 0 0
6px rgba(0, 0, 0, 1).
That came straight out of this article.
And basically, what that does is,
it just puts a shadow on the little
thingy, the thumb, I guess.
I don't even know what you call that.
What would you call that normally?
>> Handle?
>> The handle for
the scrollbar, I don't know.
Anyway, so that's gonna style that.
Yes?
>> How does the double colon modify
the wrapper, and is there a difference
between a double colon and a single colon?
>> Yes, absolutely, there is a difference
between double colons and single colons.
Double colons are pseudo-elements,
single colons are pseudo-classes.
And a pseudo-element is
things like before, after.
First line,
first letter are all pseudo elements.
So basically we're modifying
the properties of that particular item.
Whereas a pseudo class often
has to do with states.
So hover, for example, hover,
visited link, that kind of thing.
We're modifying states of the link
in that particular situation.
So I am just putting in what
the article told me to do.
Anything that starts with
a -webkit is webkit specific.
These are not actually W3C
supported properties, okay?
So that's the WebKit way of doing this.
You're gonna love this for Firefox.
HTML [LAUGH] {scrollbar-color:
var (--coffee) var(--tan); and
scrollbar-width: thin;, okay?
So you won't see anything happen here
on my screen because I am using Chrome.
But if you wanna save your CodePen and
then open it up in Firefox real quick,
you will see that that has a tan
background with the thumb,
the handle, whatever, will be brown.
And you can move that back and
forth, okay?
And true to Firefox's form,
those are the actual properties
that are probably in preparation for
support by the W3C.
So it could be this WebKit
stuff will disappear, but
this is how we do it at the moment.